main request    
[Implementation can have different ways and you have to decide what design you choose Cost and security must be considered in all designs]

1. web service 
   2 apps hosted on azure vms
   storage od DB ?????  
   Mohammad: - Install IIS in 2 VM and config a small page just to show a web page related tp VM1 and VM2.
             - I don't think we need to have Storage account, the sites is running in IIS of each VMs.
             - Availability set need to be implemented for VMs. 
             - I don't think we need to create "scale set" in this scenario, my concern is they complain about the cost of using extera resource like scale set, as it didn't asked in the scenario.
             - the last point in this step I am still in doubt for using the VM, because Saeid and Mohesn mentioned that we need to consider the costs, so we use Web app service instead! 
            
           

2. azure lb
    for distribute request between 2 vms
    ensuring traffic is only directed to healthy instances
    different types of load balancers (public and internal) 
    Mohammad: what does it mean exactly by public and internal?! I know we need to have a LB, but why it mention about public and internal!?


3. robust backup solution 
    for (app) and (data)
    ensure data protection and easy recovery
    ensure that both the apps and VMs are protected
    [VM snapshots, application-level backups, and database backups]
    how to schedule backups and how to restore applications or VMs
    Mohammad: - We create a recovery service vault(part of Azure backup) to define the policy for backup schedule. 
              - From RSV, we can get full backup of our VMs along with data, it's included with 3 snapshot for fast recovery. 

4. store apps log
    for operation and t-shoot and auditing purposes
    logs from VMs are stored in a centralized location
    Mohammad: - Create a log anatycs work space to collect and store logs in a centralized location.
              - Use Azure monitor agent in VMs to collect data from apps in VMs. 



5. 
